Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, April
the 16th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and
this is the afternoon Money Ball report.
And we're going to take a look at what
happened. So, here we are. You know, a
lot of folks look at this and go, "Man,
that sure does look like a bunch of
jumbles." But, here's what we have going
on. We can see up here and I am using
Thinkorswim here for us for a little bit
trying to get things more orchestrated
in TrendSpider. It's just easier for me
in Thinkorswim at this juncture. So,
let's take a peek at what happened day
before,
actually, what happened yesterday
and then um how that day moved on. So,
yesterday's final 30-minute candlestick
was quite large and it gave us a clue
that said, "Listen,
you've got the likelihood of pullbacks
being buy zones." That was the day. On
top of that, we had our 50-simple
average going up and so we had our
opening candlestick sitting inside of
the 30-minute, the 4-hour just above it
and then that opening range candle
lifting off of, wouldn't you know it,
the 50-simple moving average. If this is
moving straight up, dips will get
bought. Now, this was also telling us
that we would have a little bit of
sideways
uh chop and so
the storyboard really did give us
support to resistance, resistance to
support and that was essentially given
to us by the sideways pressure event.
Now, what are we looking at? Again, we
have
uh statistically valid flows that tell
us we have another likely day to stretch
higher.
We are getting a little long in the
tooth here, so things ought to be a
little bit messy.
That's important to note that things
could be messy, but that dips will be
buys. Notice the slope of the 50 is
coming down. Where would our ideal buy
point be in the overnight? Well, the
ideal buy point, if trend is going to
continue up, is the low here at
7,070.
That's going to be the best one for us
to look at. So, the ideal buy zone could
be the loss of this line of 7,070
and then the recapture of the line that
gives us the pivot, that gives us the
range and we know that our dips are
going to give us buys simply because of
that upward 50. So, where would our stop
be? Our stop in this case would be
this low right here at 7,063.
So, you're looking if you wait to get
long here at 7,069,
your stop will be about 6 and 1/2 7
points wide. Okay? If you are able to do
that, then you can take full size
formations and continue to the upside.
All right? Tomorrow
is really going to be very interesting.
One, it's a Friday, all kinds of things
going on, but this motion of players
coming into the end of the day and
positioning themselves higher is really
kind of a big deal. And so, the tests
tomorrow will be 7,096
and 7,100
and 15 if price action continues to move
to the north. If, per chance, we lose
7,070 and cannot recapture it and stay
there,
price action will give us 7,063
and then
we head to 7,053.
If that gets even worse, it becomes
7,046.
That's what we're looking at. Let's take
a look at the NQ.
Little bit noisy.
Actually, let's choose the NQ ticker.
Let me move it around.
Very noisy.
Let's notice what happened in the prior
day's formation. Oh, for the love of
Pete, I'm always doing this wrong.
All right. So, for
Clear drawing set. Yep.
So, for today, when we came in,
we noticed that we had a big volume
candlestick closing the day, our
6:00 p.m. candlestick holding in the
range and then immediately breaking out
VWAP holding. So, we know it's bullish
as long as we're staying above the VWAP.
All right? And so, we move in, we break
to the north, but we cannot get up over
this particular edge, which is
uh the line in the sand we want to watch
today. I mean, for Friday. Okay? So,
again, dips are buys, but we have noisy
traction.
Okay? Especially if we end up losing the
pivot, the price action is going to
bring us very likely down to 26,000
305 and potentially even
26,223.
Probably 26,275
for the dips, but those are also going
to be buy zones.
They are. They're also going to be buy
zones. We've got bullish action here.
Doesn't look as bullish as, say, what
the ES is doing.
Um
but this is what we are staring down
right now. So, dips are still buys. The
low of the 30-minute candlestick at
26,434
is the likely
um support ledge.
The risk is going to be
the size of this candlestick based on
what's going on and that is about
70 points. Right? So, your question
might be, "Holy cow, 70 points? Why
don't I see if it can come all the way
down before it bounces up and then I
will take it." So, you take it at the
look below and fail. So, it looks below
and then recovers the edge and you can
go long. That's what you would be
looking for, right? You don't want to
look for anything else, anything like of
that. Note, the 9:30 candlestick is
carrying a lot more volume than the 3:30
candlestick.
And so, we could easily revisit this
area as potential traction. All right?
So, this midpoint becomes incredibly
important. It also happens to be
the closing edge of the 3:30 to 4:00
candle from the prior day. So, that's
what we're staring at. Dips are buys.
Could the dips be deep deep? But
ultimately, there are buyers lurking
below us.
All right. Let's take a look at Let's
hold. Let's use this one again.
Let's go to micro Bitcoin.
So, what micro Bitcoin is telling us is
75,000 is trying to create a base. You
know, we've been trying to hold that for
days.
Let's take a look at what these
afternoon candles have done for us.
Everything's relative to trend.
Right? So, what is our trend here?
What's the 50 telling us? It's sideways.
So, it tells us the ceiling or
resistance area is going to be
opportunities to short, not buy a
breakout. I know a lot of us are
thinking about Bitcoin giving us a nice
breakout action. You got to be very
careful with that. The pullback to the
200 on the 30 today at the opening range
was the ideal place. You know, I think
the 200 is the most important
candlestick. Yesterday, day before
yesterday, excuse me, we had a 30-minute
candlestick that did not have
significant volume at the close and so
the very next day we had a ton of chop.
The moving average told us that.
Everything told us that. The VWAP told
us that. The congestion of all of the
price action at the important candle
levels told us that.
Yesterday,
we had a big candle event and that big
candle event said, "Hey, listen, there's
some pretty solid motion in there and
that's a bullish candlestick, so we're
going to watch for these dips to get
bought, but we have to be careful
thinking about trend buying a breakout.
That's because the VWAP is flat. The
VWAP is flat, we're not going to have
trend breakouts right away. They're
going to have to build. And so, the 50
kind of flat, VWAP absolutely flat. Here
comes the 9:30 candlestick. The low
of the 9:30 candlestick
comes into a space. That's my phone
telling me it's time for bed, folks.
It's 7:14.
So, that just stops shy of the low of
the the 30-minute closing candle from
several days past and look at what it
does. It rises through the entire day.
It's just a a
very interesting space that said, "Hey,
listen, you buy the dip, especially if
it's coming into the 200." Today,
we had some volume.
Not a ton of great volume, but we're
looking at the same thing. If we get a
chance again to get the 200-simple
moving average,
it's very likely to be a long. Where is
that? 73,705.
That'll be the ideal buy zone for me in
this formation, do I want to short it?
No, because it's got traction. So,
that's what we'll be staring down. All
right, for Bitcoin. Let's go to oil.
So, here's what we have.
We have our 30-minute candlestick
and our Globex candle opening below, our
4:00 a.m. opening below the Globex, and
our 9:30 candlestick opening below the
4:00 a.m. candle. Remember, when you see
a closing candle formation that
has the opening candle test lower, and
then the 4:00 a.m. candle test and hold
lower, the 9:30 candle test and hold
lower, it tells us that the trading day
is very likely to be bearish. It
certainly did that. Now, here it is in
the overnight. Here is the 30-minute
candle. Here's our Globex candle.
It sits sideways. It drops off very
steep, comes into the pivot, great pivot
points, holds back. What is the slope of
the VWAP? Flat. What is the slope of the
50? Down. Mean reversion takes us back
into the 50, and it chops all the way
around. Why? Cuz one, that 30-minute
chart inconclusive in terms of what it
is that price action is telling us. And
two,
we move from underneath that closing
candle formation over here to above the
closing candle formation and then down
again. So, clearly gives us sideways
patterns. Clear sideways action. Same
thing today,
except
that what happens after the closing
candle and then the Globex candle is
that we start to lift and then the 4:00
a.m. candle is above the Globex candle,
which is above the last 30-minute candle
of the day, and then the 9:30 candle
closes above the 4:00 a.m. candle, and
that tells us, "Hey, listen, it's
bullish. Guess where it's headed to."
That's the 200 simple moving average.
Now, you might say, "Hey, I wonder if
the 200 exponential moving average works
better." I mean, you could try that if
you like. I just like using the simple.
What are we looking at today?
Well, the market
gave us a 30-minute candlestick with
insufficient volume on close. So, that
tells us the traders are not strongly
positioning in one direction or another.
Now, we have a drop-off that's giving us
a low from 3 days ago. 1 2 3 days. So,
this is going to be the line in the
sand. Can we hold 8950? No.
You guys know I think this thing is
going to 85. Okay? That this is my
thought about where this is going. So,
in the grand scheme of things, it needs
to hold 8950,
and then it's going to start walking up.
The prior day's pivot at 9050,
then the 9:30 open
or low, excuse me, which is 9190, and so
on and so forth. If they fill the gap
and come in to test the 200, it's very
likely they continue the rotation down.
But, it could easily gap up here in some
form or fashion. All right, so that's
what we're staring down for Friday.
Statistical probability of trend at 71%,
but we've got flat smaller moving
averages and insufficient volume at the
end of the day. So, it tells us it could
be very, very noisy. Very noisy. Okay,
let's take a look at gold.
All right, so what are we staring down
here in gold?
A pretty sideways patch, right? We don't
have Today we've got some good
validation in terms of price action.
We're also bouncing off of the 200 on
the 30. That's going to give us dips
equal buy zones, but the bounce zone's
going to be down here at Excuse me, up
here at the 50 simple moving average or
at the high of the 9:30 candlestick from
yesterday. So, that's 4846.
Dips that come in to
could you look at 4792
or
4781.
That gives us a buy zone. This formation
here tells us, "Listen, as long as we
hold the 200, we're going to try and
move up and collect ourself in the same
noisy patch." Remember how gold actually
looks on a daily chart.
It's caught at the top of this 50
formation.
Excuse me, at the top of this general
formation that is holding above the
pivot, but below the VWAP, and below the
50 on the daily, but above the 200 on
the daily.
Very tight compressed price action. This
chart is waiting for the next gigantic
move.
I do not know its direction at this
juncture. It could easily be another
move to the north. No doubt about it.
So, what we're seeing is price
compression, and that price compression
has caught us between moving averages,
but this daily 50 is sitting above us.
Let's take a last look at spy.
We'll We'll watch this on the daily. See
how it looks. It's pretty bullish,
right? We know the SPX moved um above
700 for the first time at 7,000, excuse
me, the SPX. Spy above 700. Look at the
nice trend, just a straight
upward pivot flow. I mean, very bullish
upward moving averages. Dips going to be
buys.
Holding really, really steady. The
question is, when does that give way?
So, let's go to 30-minute chart and see
what the traders
are doing.
Right?
So, for several days, we've had the
closing candlestick give us enough
volume that allows us to say, "Hey, this
is institutional motion. It's coming in,
holding the edge, and moving to the
north." We had it on
uh
Tuesday, [snorts]
and then we had it on Wednesday, and
then we had it
uh today. And so, then we're looking at
tomorrow to do the same thing.
Institutional flow tells us
bullish price action.
So, dips are going to be buys.
That's all we need to look at. Okay?
Now, tomorrow, like today, shows us very
choppy.
But, we're still going to be dip buyers.
So, you could have or we could have
really pretty savage dip. My thought is
the following.
If we come back and test that 700 area,
that zone at 700 is sort of the ideal
buy zone for tomorrow.
Here's the problem. If you're looking at
that and you're saying, "What's my
risk?" Your risk is going to be about
uh you know, maybe a dollar 50 wide.
So, you want to watch your size,
especially if you're taking zero DTEs.
It's not that big of a deal, but if it
loses this 30-minute low at 700, it
could easily move to 699,
and then all the way to 689. So, what
you need to think about as a trader is
here my levels, 699,
698, 700. If it loses 700, don't go in
and buy it there. Wait for it to
recapture. If it doesn't recapture it,
wait for it to recapture 699.
If it doesn't recapture that, wait for
it to capture 698, and that's only if
you're going long. If you're going
short, you're going to need to look at a
different time frame, because nothing
here is telling us we have short
opportunities. Momentum is up, trend is
up. We're well above the VWAP. We're
trending a close above the last big
candle of the day, and we're holding.
So, you really, you don't want to do
anything like that in in spy. It just
doesn't doesn't make sense. All right,
that's it for me. I know my uh charts
have been spotty. They'll be a lot
better next week once I get myself
organized into a rhythm,
and then we'll be
uh back in business. But, right now,
just chill. Don't listen to the news.
It's going to mess your game up. Just
look at the charts and watch where the
big players are coming in. We know that
they're going to tell us what's going on
in general. All right? So, take it easy,
and I'll see you soon.